Add docs for `refresh_on_startup` (#900)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/features/data-acceleration/data-refresh.md

:::

> ## Refresh on Startup
> 
> |                             |        |
> | --------------------------- | ------ |
> | Supported in `refresh_mode` | Any    |
> | Required                    | No     |
> | Default Value               | `auto` |
> 
> Controls whether Spice refreshes the dataset when the service starts.
> 
> `refresh_on_startup`:
> 
> - `auto` (Default) - Skips refresh on startup if the dataset is already accelerated and either the refresh interval hasn't elapsed or no refresh interval is defined.
> - `always` - Performs dataset refresh on every startup, regardless of existing acceleration state.
> 
> Setting this parameter to `always` ensures accelerated data is updated to match the source on every service restart, which can be useful for development environments or when guaranteed data consistency after deployment is needed.
> 
> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Refresh on Startup

| Parameter                   | Value  |
| --------------------------- | ------ |
| Supported in `refresh_mode` | Any    |
| Required                    | No     |
| Default Value               | `auto` |

Controls whether Spice refreshes the dataset when the service starts.

`refresh_on_startup` Options:
- `auto` (Default) – Skips the refresh on startup if the dataset is already accelerated and:
  - The refresh interval hasn't elapsed, or  
  - No refresh interval is defined.  
- `always` – Forces a dataset refresh on every startup, regardless of the existing acceleration state.  

Setting `refresh_on_startup: always` ensures that accelerated data is always refreshed to match the source when the service restarts. This is useful in **development environments** or when **data consistency is critical** after deployment.  

Example Configuration:
```yaml
datasets:
  - from: databricks:my_dataset
    name: accelerated_dataset
    acceleration:
      enabled: true
      refresh_on_startup: always
```
